README.md, before:

# Scenario

The HBCU Legacy Bowl, presented by the [Black College Football Hall of Fame](https://www.blackcollegefootballhof.org), is a postseason all-star game showcasing the best NFL draft-eligible football players from Historically Black Colleges and Universities. For this workshop, we'll honor all athletes in a virtual Hall of Fame created for the web & virtual reality (VR).

You'll create your own personal exhibit for the Hall of Fame using Babylon.js and WebXR. Your exhibit will include the following:

- Exhibit objects
- A photo of yourself
- An animated character

A complete version of the Hall of Fame is available at the following Babylon.js playground: REPLACE THIS.

## Access the Workshop

You can access the workshop by visiting: [aprilspeight.github.io/workshop-babylonjs](https://aprilspeight.github.io/workshop-babylonjs/)

## Need help?

If you have any issues completing the steps in this workshop, submit an issue within the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/aprilspeight/workshop-babylonjs/issues) for this repository.

## Resources

Learn more about [Babylon.js](https://doc.babylonjs.com/).

Try our Babylon.js [Microsoft Learn modules](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/browse/?terms=babylon.js).

Browse the [Babylon.js Asset Libraries](https://doc.babylonjs.com/toolsAndResources/assetLibraries).

Get open-source [3D models](https://aka.ms/models).

Learn more about [Mixamo](https://www.mixamo.com/).

Commit message:

add links to individual exhibit example

README.md, after:

# Scenario

The HBCU Legacy Bowl, presented by the [Black College Football Hall of Fame](https://www.blackcollegefootballhof.org), is a postseason all-star game showcasing the best NFL draft-eligible football players from Historically Black Colleges and Universities. For this workshop, we'll honor all athletes in a virtual Hall of Fame created for the web & virtual reality (VR).

You'll create your own personal exhibit for the Hall of Fame using Babylon.js and WebXR. Your exhibit will include the following:

- Exhibit objects
- A photo of yourself
- An animated character

A complete version of the Hall of Fame is available at the following Babylon.js playground: REPLACE THIS.

A complete version of an individual exhibit is available at the following Babylon.js playground: [https://playground.babylonjs.com/#RWDKF1](https://playground.babylonjs.com/#RWDKF1)

## Access the Workshop

You can access the workshop by visiting: [aprilspeight.github.io/workshop-babylonjs](https://aprilspeight.github.io/workshop-babylonjs/)

## Need help?

If you have any issues completing the steps in this workshop, submit an issue within the [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/aprilspeight/workshop-babylonjs/issues) for this repository.

## Resources

Learn more about [Babylon.js](https://doc.babylonjs.com/).

Try our Babylon.js [Microsoft Learn modules](https://docs.microsoft.com/learn/browse/?terms=babylon.js).

Browse the [Babylon.js Asset Libraries](https://doc.babylonjs.com/toolsAndResources/assetLibraries).

Get open-source [3D models](https://aka.ms/models).

Learn more about [Mixamo](https://www.mixamo.com/).
